cache: disclaimer for using cache (#3168)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_plugins.rst

For example cache plugins, see the source code for the `cache plugins included with Ansible Core <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/tree/devel/lib/ansible/plugins/cache>`_.

> It is recommended that cache plugin implementation is an internal detail, and should not be relied upon by external uses such as interrogation or consumption in a playbook.

Reviewer: I think this way it sounds better:
```suggestion
Note that cache plugin implementation is an internal detail, and should not be relied upon by external uses such as interrogation or consumption in a playbook.
```

It is assumed that a cache produced at any point in time, is usable at any future point in time, as the underlying implementation, or information provided within may change.

> If the planned use case of a cache is external interrogation or consumption, it would be a better recommendation to be explicit about the fetching and storing of that data, such as creating a playbook that gathers facts,

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
If the planned use case of a cache is external interrogation or consumption, we recommend to be explicit about the fetching and storing of that data, such as creating a playbook that gathers facts and stores them in the format
you need them in,
```
